Added use_liger flag to Trainer (#32889)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/trainer.md

Note layerwise optimization is a bit experimental and does not support DDP (Distributed Data Parallel), thus you can run the training script only on a single GPU. Please see [this appropriate section](https://github.com/jiaweizzhao/GaLore?tab=readme-ov-file#train-7b-model-with-a-single-gpu-with-24gb-memory) for more details. Other features such as gradient clipping, DeepSpeed, etc might not be supported out of the box. Please [raise an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/issues) if you encounter such issue.

## Liger Kernel

> [Liger](https://github.com/linkedin/Liger-Kernel) (Linkedin GPU Efficient Runtime) Kernel is a collection of Triton kernels designed specifically for LLM training. We have implemented Hugging Face Compatible RMSNorm, RoPE, SwiGLU, CrossEntropy, FusedLinearCrossEntropy, and more to come. It can effectively increase multi-GPU training throughput by 20% and reduces memory usage by 60%. The kernel works out of the box with flash attention, PyTorch FSDP, and Microsoft DeepSpeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Liger](https://github.com/linkedin/Liger-Kernel) Kernel is a collection of Triton kernels developed by Linkedin designed specifically for LLM training. We have implemented Hugging Face Compatible RMSNorm, RoPE, SwiGLU, CrossEntropy, FusedLinearCrossEntropy, and more to come. It can effectively increase multi-GPU training throughput by 20% and reduces memory usage by 60%. The kernel works out of the box with flash attention, PyTorch FSDP, and Microsoft DeepSpeed.
```
